---
layout: post
title:  "Trip - Part 1"
date:   2017-04-17 21:31:05 -0000
tags:   trip
---
A *whoosh*. Empty white all around. I could see my hands, my feet, my legs, my whole body was there... that was good... wearing my light blue t-shirt, the one with the whale on it, black skinny jeans, and my Nike trainers. I started to relax a bit. It was hard to not be calm in the emptiness. It was so quiet though. My heartbeat sounded like thunder. I must have been dreaming... or dead. If this was a dream, it was by far the strangest and realest dream I had ever had.

I looked around. Squinting, there *were* other things there in the white. Shapes floating high above. Drifting slowly, like colored clouds. They were too far to make out exactly, though I could have sworn I saw the outline and sleek black of a piano. There was something ahead, low to the ground, brown colored maybe? With nothing for reference, I couldn't tell how far away it was. I started walking.

It was strange walking on nothing. The "ground", if we're going to call it that, was perfectly flat, perfectly white, and not at all slick. It was hard like glass or linoleum, but there was no sound to my footsteps. The object was indeed getting larger as I walked. It couldn't be too far off. After a few minutes (dream minutes? afterlife minutes?) I could start to make out the brown object. A dining table. A big, round, oak one, with a nice finish. It was the heavy kind with one center leg in the middle that spreads out into four legs near the floor. Though, the leg center leg wasn't near the floor. The table was floating... drifting... and rotating ever so slightly. It reminded me of videos of objects floating around in a space station.

The table was angled sideways and upside down, but easily at eye level and in reach. I gave it a little push. The table was heavy as it should be and it began to float in the direction of my push, still spinning slightly. It kept going, neither accelerating nor showing any intention of slowing down. Maybe... I jumped in place. I dropped back to the ground as I *should*. Hmmm.

So quiet. Alone. I screamed... as loud as I could. I'd never really done that before. *AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!*

"Can you not?" I jumped. The hairs on my neck stood on end. I turned around. Sitting, cross-legged, just a pace away was a glowing girl. *Actually* glowing, radiating light, like a small sun. Her skin, hair, loose clothes, everything was a flowing brightness of white and yellow-white. She sat with her hands in her lap, eyes closed, as if she were meditating. *Was* she meditating?

Her voice had held slight annoyance, but had seemed friendly enough. I started, "Hi there, ummm where..."

"Shh. You're really messing with my trip, man," she was again annoyed but not unfriendly.

"Your... trip?" I asked.

She opened one eye. Staring at me.

