---
layout: post
title:  "Fiela and the Tower"
date:   2017-08-21 21:02:00 -0800
tags:   fantasy, fiela, master key
---
Fiela was both the greatest blacksmith and the fairest beauty the world had seen in a thousand years. Her parents had been innkeepers, but walking by the forge one day, young fire-haired Fiela helped the struggling blacksmith lift a heavy anvil. He let her strike the fry pan that he was working on. She struck it again. And again. When they had finished, Fiela marvelled at what they had created. To the dismay of her parents, Fiela was resolved in apprenticing to the blacksmith. Even at that age, young Fiela knew how to get what she wanted. So she worked with the blacksmith and learned all that he knew.

Fiela’s talent at smithing was boundless. After a single crafting of a piece, Fiela could produce it in perfection months later. She could look at a lock, feel its surface, and then hammer out a flawless key. Her renown grew as quickly as rumor of her beauty. However, it wasn’t until the Knight of the Meadow bore one of Fiela’s armors into tournament that the King Arraikus heard her name. The armor was so intricately crafted that the King was sure it was of Elven or magical make. The King demanded to meet Fiela and so had her brought to his hall. She wore her smithing apron, yet the fire in her eyes made it seem a queenly garb. King Arraikus was enthralled by her beauty and her skill. Fiela however was not interested in becoming a lady of the court and she had heard rumors of the cruelty of the King. Like Fiela, the King was used to getting what he wanted and so he did not take her refusal well. He had her locked in the broken tower of his castle, where the shattered roof would vent the fumes of a forge.

The King loved Fiela and provided her with all of the supplies that she needed to craft glorious works for him and the kingdom. But this was a prison and Fiela a prisoner. Twice a day the King would have a new lock installed so Fiela could never have enough time to hammer a key. After several years the fire began to fade from fair Fiela’s eyes. She would certainly spend the rest of her life in the tower. Like hammer to anvil, a thought struck her, igniting her eyes once again. She worked the forge night and day, without rest, and on the 6th day she held up her creation. Fiela hadn’t stopped to marvel at her work for many years but this piece deserved recognition above all the rest. It was the Master Key. An ingenious tool that would open any lock. In the morning, she disappeared from that tower.

No soul saw Fiela until 20 years later, when she appeared at the Council of the Living Races. She was as beautiful and headstrong as ever. There with the greatest blacksmiths of the age she forged the Sword of Conquest, which burned with all the fire of her eyes and her hate for King Arraikus. Fiela then returned to her solitude, never to be seen again.

